what is up guys you can't hear and I'm
just here to show you a kill thing I
found in Skyrim this kind of is like
something that was in for three you know
and other Bethesda games where you could
actually go until I got more or less a
developer room where you could go ahead
and you'd find all these different items
from the game basically what you want to
do is press the console button which is
either to the left of the number one or
the left of your Enter key and type in
this command COC space QA smoke press
ENTER and that will load up this new
area right here just as this random room
it has a bunch of different things in it
it's got almost everything in the game f
not everything for some reason random
spins but it has these these are chests
it has all of the different things you
can use to craft create smelt all these
different things in it and then think
yeah just give it a second before yep so
all these lot of chests and then you
open them up and you'll find out so
everything and then this specific
category this one of course is all the
books in the game I turned on my fast
scroll and just so I can scroll through
these and show you how much is actually
in it of course all the spell terms
which I didn't realize there was quite
as many as there was I thought there was
only you know like 15 or something books
again that's that's less this huge just
kind of shows you how much to put in the
game also for some of the chests say
with armor on if you open it up it'll
look like your game is crashed like it's
just frozen right now but if you just
give it a second I'll load up its just
because there's so many items and then
whatnot but you can see here I mean I've
got the Daedric stuff right at the top
evany orcish all this different stuff
that you can take that's right for the
packing and this is just a rundown of
all the different items you can actually
get from these chests so like I said
everything in the game is available to
you here and all the different things
for smelting and and whatnot but that's
Evan as far as I know actually I had to
get out of this room I'm not entirely
sure if I do find out I'll put an
annotation up on the screen to let you
know how to tried using the TCL command
to fly it but it didn't work
so if you know how to let me know
please leave a like or a comment if you
please otherwise guys my name is sneaky
mode and I will see you next time